Your task is to redesign and complete the /shop-coins page with a polished layout, graphics placeholders, and full cart logic.
0. Understand the Existing Project
Inspect the repository to see:
How routes/pages are defined (Express routes, EJS templates, plain HTML, etc.).
How CSS is currently organized (global CSS, Tailwind, inline styles, etc.).
How navigation and any existing cart/checkout flow is implemented.
Do not introduce a new framework (no React/Vue) unless it’s already in use.
Work within the existing stack and style structure.
1. Redesign /shop-coins Layout (Museum-Quality Style)
Create or update the /shop-coins page so that it has this exact structure and visual hierarchy:
1.1 Overall Style
Theme: Black, gold, and white — premium, museum-quality, historic.
Use:
Dark background (#050505 to #111111).
Gold accents (#D4AF37 or similar).
White and light gray text for readability.
Card style: rounded corners, soft shadows, thin gold borders around product cards.
Typography:
Headings: a serif-feeling display font (or existing heading font) for elegance.
Body: clean sans-serif.
Add subtle Egyptian / historic motifs as thin line dividers or icons (CSS only or simple SVG).
1.2 Page Structure (Top to Bottom)
A) Hero Section
Full-width hero at the top.
Background: either a dark gradient or an existing coin image with a dark overlay.
Large title:
120-Year Commemorative Coin Collection
Subtitle:
Celebrate the legacy of Alpha Phi Alpha with museum-quality crafted coins.
Primary button:
Shop All Coins — scrolls to the product section.
Optional secondary button: Learn More (if you have an about page); otherwise omit.
B) Product Section Wrapper
Below the hero, create a section with a light-on-dark layout and three clearly separated product areas:
The 120-Year 4" Coin
The Full Jewel Set (7 coins, 3" each)
The Individual 3" Jewel Coins (carousel)
Use a responsive grid:
On desktop: 2–3 columns where appropriate.
On mobile: stacked layout.
2. Product 1: 120-Year 4" Anniversary Coin
Create a prominent product card near the top of the product section.
Title: 120-Year Anniversary Commemorative Coin – 4 Inch Diameter
Price: $50.06
Description: a short 2–3 line description (you can write it if one doesn’t exist yet) emphasizing:
Museum-quality craftsmanship
4-inch diameter
Limited commemorative release
Elements to include:
Large coin image placeholder (use any existing coin image asset; if none, create a neutral placeholder box with text like “4″ Coin Image Here”).
Quantity selector (– / + or numeric input).
Gold “Add to Cart” button.
A small badge at top-right of the card:
Text: Premium or Museum Quality.
Optional sub-label under price: Collector’s centerpiece for the 120th Anniversary.
The card should be visually larger and more highlighted than other cards.
3. Product 2: Complete Jewel Set (7 Coins, 3" Each)
Create a “Best Value” bundle card directly under or next to the 4" coin card.
Title: Complete Jewel Coin Set – 7 Coins (3 Inches Each)
Price: $120.06
Subtext: Save $13.36 compared to buying individually (7 × $19.06 = $133.42).
Description: 2–3 lines about owning the complete set of Jewel coins.
Visual layout:
A grid or collage of 7 small coin images (can reuse the same placeholder repeatedly if there are not 7 unique assets).
Add a small gold badge or ribbon at the top of the card:
Text: Best Collector Value.
Quantity selector and “Add to Cart” button.
4. Product 3: Individual 3" Jewel Coins (Carousel)
Create an interactive horizontal carousel or horizontally scrollable row (with simple JS) showing all 7 individual Jewel coins.
Each Jewel Coin Card must contain:
Placeholder image for the specific Jewel coin.
Title pattern: Jewel [Name] – 3" Coin
For example: Jewel Henry Arthur Callis – 3" Coin.
Price: $19.06
Quantity selector.
“Add to Cart” button.
The carousel should:
Work well on desktop (horizontal scroll with arrows or drag).
Work on mobile (swipe or horizontal scroll).
Use consistent card size and spacing.
Have a subtle gold border and shadow on hover/focus.
Add a button below the carousel:
Text: Add All Seven Jewel Coins
Function: adds 1 of each of the seven individual Jewel coins to the cart.
5. “Build My Complete Collection” (One-Click Bundle)
Create a bold, full-width (or wide card) call-to-action section below the products:
Background: slightly lighter or texturized dark area with gold border.
Title: Build My Complete Collection
Description:
One click to add the 120-Year Coin, the Complete Jewel Set, and all seven individual Jewel Coins to your cart.
Button: Add Complete Collection to Cart
Logic when clicked:
Add:
1 × 120-Year 4" Coin (id: coin120year)
1 × Jewel Set (id: jewelset7)
1 × each of the 7 individual Jewel coins (id: jewel_[name] for each).
If items already exist in the cart, increment their quantities instead of duplicating entries.
6. Cart System (Logic + UI)
Implement or refine a simple front-end cart system if not already present.
6.1 Data Structure
Use a shared JS module or script like:
const cart = {
  items: [], // each: { id, name, price, qty }
};
Each item:
id: string (e.g., coin120year, jewelset7, jewel_callis)
name: display name for UI.
price: numeric.
qty: integer >= 1.
6.2 Cart Operations
Implement functions:
addToCart(id, name, price, qty = 1)
updateCartItemQty(id, newQty)
removeFromCart(id)
getCartTotals() // returns { subtotal, total }
saveCartToLocalStorage()
loadCartFromLocalStorage()
Call saveCartToLocalStorage() after each change.
Load on page load so the cart persists between visits.
6.3 Sticky Cart Summary
On /shop-coins:
Add a sticky cart summary panel:
On desktop: right side of the page.
On mobile: a collapsible bar at the bottom.
The panel must show:
List of items (name, qty, line total).
Subtotal and total (for now, total = subtotal, unless shipping/tax logic exists).
Button: Proceed to Checkout.
If the project already has a checkout route, link the button there and ensure cart information is passed in whichever way the project currently expects (query params, session, local storage, etc.).
6.4 Header Mini Cart
In the global header/navigation:
Add a mini-cart icon or text:
Example: Cart (3) showing total quantity.
Clicking it should scroll to the cart summary on /shop-coins or navigate to a dedicated cart/checkout page, depending on the existing flow.
7. Mobile & Responsive Behavior
Ensure the /shop-coins page is fully responsive:
On mobile:
Hero text centered.
Product cards stacked vertically with good spacing.
Carousel scrollable with swipe or horizontal scroll.
Sticky cart as a bottom bar that expands when tapped.
On desktop:
Use a two-column layout where possible:
Left: product cards
Right: sticky cart summary
Ensure max-width for content so text doesn’t stretch too wide (e.g., max-width: 1200px and centered).
8. Visual Polish & Graphics Placeholders
Because not all final coin images may exist yet, create tasteful placeholders:
Use light gray or dark boxes with text like:
4" Coin Image Placeholder
Jewel Coin Image Placeholder.
Optionally add a small icon in the middle using pure CSS or SVG.
Make sure these placeholders have the same aspect ratio you would expect for the real photos so the layout will not shift later.
9. Code Quality & Files to Touch
Reuse existing CSS classes where possible to keep consistency.
If creating new CSS:
Use a dedicated stylesheet or section for /shop-coins styles.
Name classes descriptively (e.g., .shop-coins-hero, .product-card, .jewel-carousel, .cart-summary).
Ensure no console errors in the browser.
Ensure there are no broken links in the navigation.
10. Final Deliverables
When you are done, the /shop-coins page must:
Look visually complete and polished (not bare-bones).
Clearly show:
4" 120-Year Coin @ $50.06.
Jewel Set @ $120.06 (with savings message).
Individual Jewel Coins @ $19.06 each in a carousel.
Support:
Add-to-cart for each product.
“Add All Seven Jewel Coins” button.
“Build My Complete Collection” button.
Have a working, persistent cart:
Sticky cart summary.
Mini cart in header.
Checkout button leading into the existing checkout flow.
Make all changes now.
